---
title: policies 
layout: page
---


## course policies

![](http://chadblack.net/511S2012/media/images/disability.png) Qualified
students with disabilities needing appropriate academic adjustments should
contact me as soon as possible to ensure that your needs are met in a timely
manner with appropriate documentation.

**Attendance:** This class does not have a strict attendance policy. But, we
will have frequent quizzes and all assignments are handed out in class.
Students who miss class must arrange **ahead of class** to be able to make up a
quiz. Makeups of quizzes are only given with prior arrangements. Likewise,
students are responsible for any information given out during class meetings,
whether they attend or not. 

**Deadlines:** Assignments must be emailed to the instructor no later than the
beginning of class on the day they are due, or at some other specified time
established by the professor. It is important to be technologically savvy in
today’s world. Much of our communication occurs through email, including the
sharing of documents and other work product. Late papers will not be accepted
for any reason without prior arrangement. This includes technology problems.
You’re responsible for attaching your work correctly and sending it in on time.

**Cell Phones and Laptops:** Please silence our cell phones prior to class.
Please do not text during class. Laptops are allowed only if students use them
responsibly. In the case of our class, that means to access readings or to take
notes. Anything else is inappropriate (emailing, facebook, etc.). If I find a
student using a laptops for non-course related activities, that student will be
asked to put the laptop away, and not bring it back to class. If this happens
repeatedly, the rule will change to no laptops.

**Office Hours**: Students are strongly encouraged to speak with me outside of
class. The advantages of talking with me include: extra help on an assignment
or preparation for an exam; clarification of materials covered in lecture,
discussion of my comments on your work; discussion of this or related courses.
I am available during office hours on a first-come, first-served basis; if you
cannot come by during office hours, please contact me via email or phone and I
will be happy to set up an appointment with you.

**Changes:** I reserve the write to change this syllabus as the semester
progresses. This is not a contract, but rather a document to guide expectations
and clearly communicate weekly assignments. Please bring the syllabus with you
to our class meetings. Or, keep up with it on the course website.

---

